In the last lecture we learned what Hodas string of jubilation works and how we have that connection
the types could follow.
Let's now improve this app and let's add some events we can react to.
So add to that we had in the Alber modules to where else they change name.
Note unlike in react or view you don't need a root element.
So one element which wraps all the elements of template since we have this extra template file this
already kind of serves as a wrapper.
So here we can write normal HVM all without any wrapping elements.
So here we have the bomb.
Now the question is how can we react to a click event in future as we head the on and then click in
re-act we used on click in angular.
We use parentheses.
Kollek parentheses is a syntax recognized by Angella and then between the parentheses you have any normal
Dom event without d on.
So on click becomes click on mouse enter becomes mouse enter.
So here we have to click event and now we can execute any code.
Any basic javascript code no block statements no multi-line code or of course simply call a method.
So what we could do here is we could simply set name to Anna your and if I now save this we already
have a functionality that if I click this button the name changes to enter soop resemble.
Of course we could all call a method so we could call for example on change name.
It's kind of a convention to have on and then the method name in angle angler but you don't need to
name it like this you can choose any name you like here and then go to the app component file.
And besides the property I'll now add a method to this class and methods are just added like well like
using this iOS 6 like some text where we have the name parentheses and then the body of that method.
Here we could refer to that name with this name because we're in the class now we have to use this to
refer to properties of the class and set it equal to.
And I like this if I do this and now save this code and keep in mind Engy surf has to be running for
all of this and it is in that average window here it will automatically recompile this and therefore
Now if I reload the apple it actually reloaded automatically.
That still works even though I'm now no longer executing this in line.
But I'm calling a method which does this.
And typically you call them effort here especially if you have more complex code to run.
You don't want to put that code into a template.
Well that is how easy you can react to events and update the DOM due to that event.